Issue this.
But what about the fireworks?
Do it.
Hey. Ruth.
I'm gonna need you here today.
Absolutely. I just need to leave at 3:00.
No. That is exactly what I mean. Okay.
This is insane. you
can't just lock me in here.
I don't have time to relitigate this.
I'm gonna be gone for 30 minutes.
You need a snack. ask Ruth.
I can see you calculating how
much you think you can get away with
in 30 minutes. So how about
this. I'm gonna call every ten.
What do I do? Do I just…
I press a button and then. like…
How… what… how do
I… what's the system?
The system is you pick
up the goddamn phone.
I didn't know we were swearing now.
Hey. is it true that reverend
Bryce hung himself?
Wasn't he your friend?
We'll talk about it when I get back.
I don't get it. I saw him at
the rye just a few weeks ago.
He was getting a coffee.
I think.
Maybe not. We didn't talk.
I didn't really know him anyway.
Thank you. Paul.
Once again. I'd like to remind everyone
that it is not mandatory that you speak.
There's nothing.
There's always something.
What the hell happened here?
And why would he burn everything?
Just save every scrap you can.
All right.
Need to tell people what's going on
or they're gonna start getting killed.
- I'm trying to get things under control.
- Yep.
Your little curfew isn't gonna do it.
You can't even control your own son.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
All right.
What's wrong?
He… he tried to call me.
And another number.
A lot.
Dial it.
Hello?
Hi. Yes…
Who is this?
Sorry. I just…
I found your number in
my phone. and I... fuck.
You try.
- Yes!
- He won't pick up.
The call's coming
from the same number.
Hello?
Hi. How are you?
Good.
Reverend Bryce gave me your number.
Would you like an appointment?
- Yes.
- Yes I would.
Give me fifteen minutes.
That's… okay. Where are you?
12 birch street.
Come in!
Hey.
Thank you.
This feels good.
Okay.
What's it gonna be?
Who we got here?
Hello again.
That is a brutal fucking ride.
Damn. papa.
Todd o'Connor?
Hey. Patty. How you doin'?
Yeah. Good thanks.
- My god. You're a drug dealer.
- No. no. No. please.
I'm a shaman.
Is that cocaine?
Yes.
Todd and I went to school
together. We were like...
what are… what are these?
That. my friend. is the one fucking
mushroom I'm not going near.
Dude. that shit is gonna
take you where you gotta go.
regardless of if you wanna go there.
Old timers call that thing true sight.
Only grows here local on the island.
Imagine getting Lasik for your third eye.
Blasts that thing open.
Pow!
I'm sorry. I'm trying to figure out
why reverend Bryce would take it?
Well. he was looking for answers.
He hung himself.
Shit.
I guess he didn't like the answers.
Damn.
You know. I have a buddy who took it.
You remember Brian Morrison?
"Bri guy"? Stole his
mom's car in eighth grade?
Flipped it in the woods? Maniac.
Anyway. Brian saw something on
his trip that changed him completely.
He encountered something
he wouldn't talk about.
But he chilled out majorly afterwards.
Stopped getting into fights.
stopped yelling at his girl.
She had to feed him though.
He lost some pretty major motor skills.
Happy guy though.
Just hard for her to
get him down at night.
Anyway. he drew the same thing
over. and over. and over again.
I think he saw it on his trip. I have
one of them. lying around here.
It's kinda ancient…
Vaguely religious iconography.
It's the kind of sacred
geometry you don't just riff.
Yeah. man.
Yeah. take that in.
- Some doors are meant to stay shut.
- Yeah.
Am I right. folks?
How do you take it?
Well. I can make you a tincture
for 35 bucks. if that's amenable?
- No. thanks.
- You and your companions can hang out
in the peace center
at no extra cost to you.
Do it.
Okay.
Would you excuse us for a minute?
Yeah. yeah. There's no rush to
the augmentation of the soul. folks.
This fungus doesn't hold
the secrets of the island.
It's gonna leave you
muttering in a corner.
Look. if you don't want to
take the scary mushroom.
after bringing all these
tourists here to the island.
that's for you to live with.
Wyck will take it.
Very cool.
No. Of course there's
not gonna be fireworks.
Which part of "curfew"
do they not understand?
Listen. I think you should
know that people are angry.
Apparently Kurt is gathering a
meeting. Trying to overturn your curfew.
I'll be back in 15 minutes.
Damn it.
I've gotta get back.
I'll stay with him.
- You sure you wanna do this?
- The only way out is through.
I know. but it's jus… I don't know.
God. It even looks hideous.
But you can't taste it. right?
What?
It… it's in here?
We said wyck was gonna take it.
Yeah. You're wyck.
- My god. My god!
- It's okay. it's okay.
- Just sip it slowly.
- What? I finished it!
I can't be on this! I can't be on this!
Not now! Now today!
Make yourself throw up.
- I can't!
- Stay calm.
- It's only a 12 hour experience.
- My god!
- Tom… my god. My god.
It really is best to purge!
I can't throw up. I've never been able to.
- Here.
- Stop. stop!
Come on. Tom. Shush!
Stop. stop. stop. stop!
My god. Evan.
What am I gonna do about Evan?
Don't worry. I'm on it.
What? What are you gonna do?
Careful here. Okay.
And we're just gonna wind
down here in the peace center.
That's good.
Let's have a seat. On
the mindfulness bed.
Per… yeah. That's it. Yep.
And let's get fully supine. Yep.
And here we go.
I'm so sorry. I didn't
realize she'd gotten out.
Come here. Bridget.
She's turning 50 soon.
so she's got wanderlust.
Tom. Tom! Listen to me.
Listen to me. Sit. Sit.
Now. don't squander this.
You find those answers. now.
- What?
- Yeah.
Good news.
Evan is fine. and he's
gonna stay at Ruth's.
Thank god. Who'd you talk to?
- Evan.
- My god.
- I have to get back.
- Tom.
I think we just ride it out here.
He seems to know what he's doing.
- Yeah.
- Don't you think it's best to stay here?
Absolutely. I do personally have to go.
As my girlfriend's cat has absconded.
But in the meantime
you can totally guide him.
- What?
- Just stay calm.
And whatever you do.
do not look at any mirrors.
You got this. wyck.
What do I do if you freak-out?
Take me back to the office right now.
- Have you seen anything?
- Take me back to the office. Now.
Just stop yelling at me.
How did we get here?
Where's wyck?
You told him he could go.
He said he was gonna
find the answers you won't.
I don't know what that means but…
Do you hear that?
Just give me a name. Tom.
Where's Evan? Where is my son?
For the third time.
Evan is not here.
But we're gonna find him.
Who's that kid he runs with?
Pj glanville?
Pj glanville is an awful. awful…
Boy.
Do you hear that sound?
No. Tom. I don't hear the sound.
Just take a deep breath.
What's wrong with him?
Nothing. He's just…
Here. Hold your organizer.
He doesn't know how
dangerous it is out there.
Patricia. he does… can you hear me?
He doesn't know how
dangerous it is out there!
Hi. there.
God!
You girls gotta be careful around here.
- Why?
The house there. The…
Back in the day these girls
used to get these hang up calls.
And turns out it was coming
from the guy who lived here.
He. like. lost his mind.
and one night just went out
and stabbed a bunch of bitches.
Bitches? Really?
Sorry. your majesty. he
stabbed a bunch of young women.
Thank you.
I'm serious. They…
My uncle told me they tried to kill him. I
guess they called him the boogeyman.
And they shot him and he wouldn't die.
And so they…
They. like. buried him in the basement
and they sealed the
whole thing in concrete.
- Is he being serious?
- Yeah.
You gotta be quiet around
here. you don't know…
You don't know what's gonna happen.
Jesus Christ. dude!
- Jesus Christ!
- God!
- Sorry.
- What's wrong with you?
- My god.
- Okay. guys. we can be friends.
and we can smoke pot. and we can
make each other laugh. you know?
Okay. Well. just let
me know if he turns up.
Thank you so much.
She was nice.
God.
Were you gonna tell me?
The curfew?
See. I've got a cell that holds six.
so when I go out tonight and see
literally everyone walking around.
which I will. because
there are fireworks tonight.
which six people do
you want me to pick up?
Talk me through that. Tell me
how you see that happening.
Okay. so I can see you've given
this a lot of thought. Okay. good.
Patricia. come on.
We're going down to the station.
Me? Why?
Well. I gotta take down your statement.
- Can it wait?
- No. it cannot.
because some people who woke up in
the sea last night wanna press charges.
Okay. okay.
I guess I'll be right
back. so you just sit here.
Right?
Don't open the door.
Ger.
Wyck. What are you doing here?
- Something wrong?
- No.
No. I'm working with the
mayor on something and I…
I was wondering if I
could get your eye on it?
You're working with the mayor?
- Well. that's new.
- Yeah.
I don't like it either. but…
You think you could take a look? It's…
- Yeah.
- It's important.
Of course. yeah.
Found it in Bryce's rectory.
Yeah.
Okay.
How have you been?
Fine.
Okay. Saving it for the memoir. I see.
My father used to say
that you were too chatty.
Yeah. he never liked me.
Well. you kept me out too late.
That's interesting.
- Let me put it on the…
- yeah.
Put on the light.
- Okay.
- All right.
All right.
"I do not comprehend
the nature of the curse
that has fallen on the island.
I do know that its heart
beats inside the cylinder
that my husband wears around his neck.
Who will crush my throat?
His hands? This plague?
Death comes for each
of us. but I fear to me first.
I know not how. but who.
Of course. he's here with
me. so I say all of this in jest.
"and with that. I retire."
That's…
No.
Tom?
Are you okay?
- I have to stop him.
- I can't let…
- I can't let them overturn the curfew.
…the curfew…
I think they're meeting soon.
You okay?
You're goddamn right we're mad!
We've poured our blood. sweat. tears
and a hell of a lot of money into trying
to make this "the next Martha's vineyard."
And the crazy thing is. it is working.
It is actually happening. and
you are destroying it for what?
For what? For what?
You can't keep people locked
indoors while the sun is still up. loftis.
People come here for the outdoor stuff.
Beaches and sunshine.
Not to spend all day
in my piece of shit hotel!
It's okay! My piece of shit hotel!
It sucks! I know it sucks!
It's sucked for 25 years!
That's why I don't live there!
I say fuck the moratoriums.
fuck the curfews.
Yep.
- I want more tourists.
- I'm ready.
I want more money
coming into the island!
- Yes.
- Right.
And we sure as fuck aren't
canceling the fucking fireworks!
That's right! That's right. Kurt!
Hold it! Hold it!
Hold it. hold it!
I wanna hear from loftis!
Let's hear what he has to say!
Someone's got a full belly.
You had a lot to eat today?
You okay. boss?
There you are!
It's categorically not correct.
- Okay?
- I'm s… I'm serious dude.
It's true.
- It's true. my uncle doesn't lie to me.
- Wait. what is that?
What?
I think I saw something in the window.
I just think you're really high.
It's okay.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I'll protect you. Mr. Brave guy.
- Brave guy.
- Okay. No.
Well. you know. you know what they say.
Anyone that goes in doesn't come out.
I bet you won't.
My god! Okay.
Let's see it.
Come on. I think that's pretty good.
- He's not gonna do it.
- He's gonna pretend like he's hot shit.
He's gonna like throw himself...
didn't work on me. didn't work.
- He's gonna be…
- yes. it did. I saw you jump.
You did.
Come on. buddy. Come on. pal.
- Yeah. there he goes.
- Dude.
- That's right.
- He's still going.
Right? And… yeah. Sorry about
the math teacher coffee breath.
I didn't catch a whiff.
Good. The… so…
There is… well. there is no year here.
but what caught my
interest was right here.
The reference to a plague.
There's only been one plague in
widow's bay and that was in 1702.
So. right. I took a swing.
There it is.
Isn't that something?
Yes. Sarah westcott Warren.
Where am I?
You seen anything yet?
Okay. well. we're on to something. Tom.
so. just hold on a second.
Use your crayons.
Yeah. and…
She married Richard Warren.
our founding father. that year.
And here. this. This reference
here about the cylinder he wears?
This "cursed" item?
What is this? What does that look like?
Well. if you give me a paintbrush. I
can tell you whatever you need to know.
Yeah. that's great Tom. What is it. wyck?
I'm wondering if he
could've been buried with it.
The cylinder?
Evan? Ev… Evan? Evan?
Where's my son?
Where's Evan? Where's my son?
- Okay. take it easy.
- Where is Evan?
Just sit down. Tom.
Sit.
Down. Sit!
Tom! Tom! Tom!
Tom!
Hey.
Only lap belts back there. buckle up.
I have to find Evan.
Well. I hope he's at your house.
'cause that's where
they told me to take you.
Thank god.
I just need to make one little stop.
- What? No. no. please. No.
- Only gonna take a second.
- No! Rosemary. no!
- One...
Don't move the car again. Tom.
Ha! Just won 15 bucks! Yes!
That's my loafer.
No. no. no!
I told you to get out! Get out!
Evan loftis. Please step
away from the creepy house.
This isn't my house? My bad.
Boy. get over here.
Thank god.
Hi. I'm sorry.
We have some off-island girls in the car.
and I just… we were just
trying to impress them.
Yeah. Yeah. no. I get it.
Breaking and entering is very impressive.
Please don't tell my dad.
Fine. but go ahead and get outta here.
Okay. Thank you.
Just while I'm walking away. can. I…
Can I just yell "fuck
you. pig" for the girls?
No. the fuck. you cannot.
Okay. Okay.
Bye.
Shit.
The fuck is going on
with your dad. dude?
That's your dad?
What's up? What's up?
My god.
Yo. I think your dad is looking for you.
- I gotta go. Go.
- Okay.
Get inside. right now.
And say good night to little…
Miss.
You better start
explaining yourself right...
- fuck you!
- What did you say?
What did you… what did you just say?
I had fun tonight.
I had a good time.
And if you had it your way. I
would've sat in your shitty office all day.
Evan. do you think I want to be
- watching you the whole fucking time?
- No. I don't!
No. I think you wanna show
people that you can control me.
What?
The reason you're a shitty
mayor is not because of me. okay?
I think… I think… I think
you're gonna feel very guilty
for saying that to me one day.
Why do we never leave this island?
What kind of fucking parenting is that?
It was important to your
mother that you be raised here.
What? Never go anywhere?
That's what she wanted?
We'll continue this in the morning.
Dad!
Dad. one of these days. I'm gonna
leave and I'm never. ever coming back!
Are you ready?
Lauren? Lauren? Lauren?
I can't see anything.
Lauren? Lauren?
- Lauren? Lauren?
- I can't see anything!
I can't see anything!
I need some help here. please!
Can you please turn the boat
around? Turn the boat around.
Turn it now! Now!
Lauren? Lauren?
The baby is just fine.
Okay. But what about her?
She… she seems…
Off.
Just give it some time.
Hello.
Please. god. if you can hear me.
if you exist…
Please help me.
Please. Please help me.
Please. please protect my son.
Please protect my son.
I'll do anything.